Project Purpose: Javascript will take the current time and update the hands on the clock based on hour, minute, second. 

Created a div for the clock. Within clock div, created another div for the clock face. Within clock face div, created div for the hour hand,
minute hand and second hand. The goal is to apply a rotate to each of the hand depending upon the time. Can apply transform:rotate(xdeg) 
for this. By default, the hand will rotate itself on the exact middle of the element. In most cases, this is what I want but not for this
project. I want to rotate the arm on the right hand side. Can fix this with CSS. 

In CSS, create .hand and transform the origin. The origin is where the hand is going to do its rotation off of. Can say 
transform-origin:100%. The 100% on the x axis will put the pivot point on the very right hand side. The change in % origin moves the 
pivot point handle. 

Next challenge is the divs are block and go left to right, so the hands will not start at 12'oclock. Can fix this issue with 
transform:rotate(90deg). This will make all of the hand point up and down. 

Next want to apply a bit of a transition. Can use transition: all 0.05s. This will tick the hand every second.

Next prepare Javascript for the hands. Begin with second hand. Create a function called setDate and console.log('hi'). Need the function
to run every second. Can do this with setInterval() method. setInterval(setDate, 1000) method will call the setDate function and run 1000
milliseconds or every second. Confirm hi is being consoled every second. Now create variable for the seconds. This will be the seconds of 
the current minute. Now need to turn the seconds into a degree (transform: rotate(90deg) rotates the arm on clock). To begin, need to 
turn the seconds into a base of 100. So second at 0% will = 0 degrees and second at 100% will = 360 degrees. Create a variable called 
secondsDegree and the equation will be (seconds/60 *360). seconds/60 will provide the % that I need 360 is the full scale. So 60/60 = 1
and multiply that by 360 will equal 360 degrees. 

Next style the seconds hand. Begin by using querySelector('.second-hand') to find the class second-hand and put result in a variable. This 
puts the div with class=second-hand in the variable. Can now begin to style the secondHand variable in the function. Once the secondHand has 
been styled, the hand works but needs adjusting. When seconds tick to 45, 50 seconds, the hand doesn't display that accurately on the 
clock. This is because of the transform: rotate(90deg) which served to offset the default left to right of div and to make the hand 
point in the up/down direction. Can fix this by adding 90 secondsDegree variable to offset the default 90 provided to transform/rotate. 



The seconds of the 


